Lacture-5-SRPViolation: This files demonstrates the violation of Single Responsibility Principle. As the same class is handeling 3 responsibility of Calculating the Cart Value, Printing the Invoice and Saving to the database.
Lacture-5-SRPResolution: This files demonstrates how to handle the violation of Single Responsibility Principle. As the same class is handeling 3 responsibility of Calculating the Cart Value, Printing the Invoice and Saving to the database. So to resolve this these 3 tasks were segregate to 3 different classes.
Lacture-5-OCPViolation: In this we are modifying ShoppingCartStorage class each time we decide to save the thing to a seaparte database or you want to remove a database which in turn violates Open Closed Principle which states that a class should always be closed for modifications but open for extensions.
Lacture-5-OCPFollowed: In this an interface (Persistance) has been created which is implemented by respective database classes and removed the saveToDb methods in DatabaseStorage class. So now it obeys Open Closed Principle as now no need to modify a class when adding or removing any database. If need to add, we can implement Persistence and do the operations in this class and we need remove, we can easily do that by removing the implemented class.
Lacture-5-LSP-Violation: In this FixedTermAccount which is implementing Account violates Liskov Substitution Principle as its overriding the withdraw method for which it has no need. As per Liskov Substitution Principle superclass objects should be replaceable by its subclass objects without affecting the correctness of the code. Subclass should not override methods that breaks the contract of the superclass.
Lacture-5-LSP-Followed: In this the interface Account which has both withdraw() and deposit() abstract methods has been separated into 2 interfaces DepositOnlyAccount(has only deposit() method) and WithdrawableAccount(has been extending DepositOnlyAccount and has only withdraw() method). With the problem of Liskov Substitution Problem resolves as now FixedTerm account no need to implement withdraw() method and need to implement only DepositOnlyAccount. Whereas SavingAccount and CurrentAccount implementing WithdrawableAccount and thus overriding both deposit() and withdraw() methods.
Lacture-6-ISP-Violation: In this classes also need to override the methods which they don't need and thus violating Interface Segregation Principle. In this Rectangle and Square need to override volume method which they don't need.
Lacture-6-ISP-Followed: In this the Shape interface is segregate into 2 interface 2DShape and 3DShape. So which has both area and volume will implement 3DShape and which has only area will implement 2DShape. So with this now Recatangle and Square don't need to implement the methods volume which they don't need.
Lacture-6-DIP-Violation: This principle states that higher level modules should not depend on the lower level modules rather both should depend on the layer of abstraction. Here higher level module class is dependent on lower level module class SqlDB and MongoDB for saving user to the respective database. So violating DIP and thus both the modules should depend on layer of abstraction.
